Today we will talk about III Lord Health
Advantage which has been launched in a new office. On 10th
April 2024, the old III Health
Advantage plan has been discontinued
and only the new plan will be available. If
you go to buy a fresh policy, then we will
talk in detail about what is better in this plan,
what is improved, what
is new and will also talk about
what are the differences in both the plans and in the last we will
also compare the premium of Old Health
Advantage and New Health Advantage. So stay tuned
till the end of the video, it is going to be a very
informative video.
Before starting the video, I would like to
introduce myself. My name is
Gurleen Kaur Tikku. I am a Certified
Financial Planner. I have been
associated with the insurance industry for the last 19 years
and every week I bring videos for you so that
your insurance bank
journey becomes easy and happy because
this is also the tagline of our company - Creating a
Wealth of Happiness.
Quick reminder before starting, if till now  If you have
n't subscribed to our channel, do it so that
you get the right information at the
right time. Let's decode it along with
ICICI Lord Health Advantage Plan
New Plan 2024. So first let's talk
about the basic features. Sum assured is minimum
sum assured is Rs 5 lakh and maximum is Rs 3 crore.
Policy tenure is one year, two years and three years. All three
options are available. If you pay the premium for two years and three
years policy together,
you get some discount. If you pay the
premium for two years together, you get Rs 10 on
the second year and Rs
15 on the third year. You get a discount for
room type. So, room eligibility is
if you take a policy below Rs 20 lakh, then
you have a single private AC
room. If you take a policy above Rs 20 lakh, then there
is no capping. You can go for any room day care. So,
day care treatment is also covered. Where there is
no need for 24-hour hospitalization,
all those treatments
are covered in your policy. AYUSH hospitalization is AYUSH.
Ayurveda, Yoga, Unani, Siddha,
Homeopathy, there is hospitalization for this also,
that is also covered in your policy
up to sum shot. Dometic treatment means you have to take treatment at home, you are
not in a condition to go to the hospital or there is
no bed available in the hospital, even then it will be
covered in your policy. Home care
treatment is also covered which is
5 per of your sum shot and maximum cover is
₹1 lakh. Pre and post hospitalization
expenses means expenses before going to the hospital
and expenses after, expenses of 60 days
before and 180 days after, you
can get them reimbursed. It should be related
to the same treatment for which you have been
hospitalized.
Those expenses should be related to the same thing.
Refill benefit is a refill benefit, if your
base sum shot gets exhausted in any year,
then your sum shot is refilled again.
I have explained this concept
in great detail,
you can refer to other videos.  We are sharing its link
with you, so here
in the policy there is unlimited refill benefit.
Unlimited refill means you
can get it refilled unlimited number of times multiple times
up to base sum assured. If you have a policy of Rs. 10 lakh, then up
to Rs. 10 lakh can be refilled again.
If your base sum assured has been exhausted in
a year,
it is available only once a year for policies of Rs. 5 lakh and Rs. 7.5 lakh.
Unlimited option is not available. Emergency
road ambulance:
We need an ambulance to go to the hospital, there pay up
to 1 per cent of sum assured. Maximum
₹1000000 is for evacuation purpose,
that is also covered. Up to sum issue: No claim
bonus. If you do not make a claim in your policy, then the
insurance company gives you some incentive, that
means whatever is your sum assured, it will be
increased by 20% in the next year, maximum
up to 100% and this is a guaranteed cumulative bonus,
meaning once it is increased,  It will
not be reduced if you make any claim in the future.
For example, if you have a policy of Rs 10 lakh and
you do not make any claim, the debt will become Rs 12 lakh next year.
14, 16, 18 and 20. Once it
reaches Rs 20, there will be no reduction. If you make any
claim at any time, there is a guaranteed relative bonus. Modern treatments:
Robotic surgeries are covered up to Rs 5 lakh.
Bariatric surgery, which is
also called weight loss surgery, is also covered up to Rs 5 lakh.
Organ donor expenses are also
covered up to Rs 5 lakh. The cost of
harvesting will be covered. Tele consultation:
Tele consultations are unlimited in your policy.
You can consult a doctor.
You
can book consultations through
ISC Lombard ISC Tech Care app, which is the next
benefit is convenience benefit, which is also called compassionate
benefit. If anyone is
hospitalized for more than 10 days, then  A
benefit of ₹2000000 will be given. This is
over and now your sum is short annual health
checkup
compliant or ₹1000000.
You can claim up to a maximum of ₹1000000 and you
can claim from day one. Maternity benefit.
You will remember that there was
maternity benefit in the old ICAC Lombard Health Advantage,
so it is there here as well, but there are some changes, I will
explain them later. What are the differences?
Maternity benefit is covered in this plan
up to 10 per cent of the sum. Whatever your sum is,
its coverage up to 10 per cent is maximum
cover is 1 lakh only. Maximum cover will be ₹1 lakh.
Newborn baby expenses, which is 1 lakh, is
of the maternity coverage. If you are claiming ₹1 lakh
for maternity,
delivery expenses, then 1 lakh
means ₹1 lakh newborn baby
expenses.  Vaccination is % of sum
assured maximum ₹1000000
and the waiting period for claiming maternity
is 2 years ago it used to be nine months
Global cover Global
cover is also available in this policy if you take a policy above 25 lakhs
then there
is inbuilt global cover
without any copayment Vaccination in case of
animal bite up to ₹1000000 If critical
illness is diagnosed then it is optional
you can avail that Personal
accidental cover Three things are covered in this
Accidental death Permanent total disability
Permanent partial disability
So these three things will be covered if you
take this rider Sum in short protector
Sum in short protector is that
according to inflation your sum in short keeps increasing
every year so if you
take the rider of sum in short protector then your sum in
short will also increase every year as per
inflation claim  Protector: So, claim
protector, if you are
taking a policy of more than 15 lakhs, then it is inbuilt
in the policy, there is no need to take it separately. If the
policy is below 15 lakhs, then
you can add claim protector as and when it is added.
This means that the consumables, non-
payable items, are also covered in your policy.
Nursing at home is available
for ₹2000000 policy year. Co-
payment is optional. If you want to choose a rider, then co-
payment is optional. You
can choose riders of 10% and 20%. This
reduces your premium. So, the choice is yours.
So these are the optional riders which you
can choose. Now we will talk about waiting
periods. The initial waiting period is 30
days, which means you cannot get hospitalization done for 30 days. The
waiting period for slow-growing illnesses, which is a
specific exclusion, is
two years before exit.  The
waiting period for these conditions is also 2 years. The
waiting period for bariatric surgery is 2 years.
You can avail bariatric surgery after 2 years. The
waiting period for global cover is 2
years. So, after two years, you
can avail global treatment. In policies above 25 years, the
waiting period for maternity claim is also 2 years. So now let's talk about the
discounts available
in our policy. The first is the multi-year
policy discount. If you are taking a 2-year or 3-year
policy together, then you can avail a
discount of 10% on the second year premium and 15% on the
third year premium. The
second is the Numo
vaccine discount. If you have taken this vaccine,
you are also given a discount. The
third is the credit score. A discount of
up to 15%
is available according to your CIBIL score. And one more thing
here, you
will pay the premium person-wise. Different persons are divided
as you can see on your screen -
Jan A Jan B Jan C Jan D.
You will pay premium according to these four zones. You will
fall according to the zone in which you reside
and you will pay premium according to your zone,
but you
can get treatment anywhere in pan India. There is no co-
payment. Earlier you knew that if we got
treatment in higher zone after taking policy in lower zone, then co-payment was required
in IAC Advantage plan, but here there is
no co-payment.
If you need to get treatment in higher zone after paying premium of lower zone, then
you can definitely claim. So these were the
benefits of ICSA Lord Health Advantage
Apex Plan 2024 which is a recently launched
plan. Now we will compare it
quickly with the old Health Advantage, what got
better, what changed, so first of all,
you could choose any room in the old Health Advantage, there was
no restriction on room eligibility, but here
in the new Advantage, any room is
available only on policies above 20 lakhs,
below that single private  There is an AC room. Secondly,
in global coverage, earlier the copayment was 10%. So, for
any global treatment you take, a
copayment of 10% was mandatory. Here,
that copayment has been reduced but a
waiting period of two years has been introduced.
Third, the most important
difference is maternity coverage. Earlier, you
could avail maternity after nine months by paying 3 years'
premium together. But
in the new plan, that waiting period has been made two years.
But you
can avail that benefit even on a one-year plan as an
add-on. Earlier, the limit in maternity was
up to 10 lakhs. So, you could claim up to 10 lakhs as well.
Its premium was also very heavy because it was
3 years' premium together and you could pay a premium
of 10 lakhs. To avail maternity up to 10 lakhs, the
premium was quite heavy.
Now, here the maternity limit has been fixed which is up
to 1 lakh only.
But your coverage  That is after two
years and
you can avail it on a one year premium payment policy. Next is
home care treatment. Earlier, your home care
treatment was also restricted to Rs 25,000,
now that limit has been increased to Rs 1 lakh
and the big difference is that there used to be zonal
based copayment earlier, that is, suppose
you took a policy in a lower zone,
you took the policy from a lower zone, you have address
proof from there and you are taking treatment in zone A, then
you had to pay copayment
but that copayment has now been removed,
now there is no copayment, you can
get treatment anywhere pan India. Another
difference is that earlier the premium used to be based on your five years
age slab, for example, if your age is
31, then 31 to 35 is your same premium, the same
age slab is 36 to 40 is the same, but now the
premium will increase according to the age. If you
are 31, then you will pay premium as per 31, if you are
32, then you will pay premium as per 32, so the
method of calculating premium  There has been a
change, the next difference is earlier there
used to be a one-time refill in your policy, the refill was available that was
one time, the sum assured of the policy has been exhausted, it will be
refilled again up to the base
sum assured, here unlimited refill
is available for policies now up to 10 lakhs,
next is claim protector, claim
protector is consumable items, non-
payable items, so non-payable items are
covered in the new Health Advantage plan and are
inbuilt in policies above 15 lakhs,
you will have to add it completely in the policy below that,
in the old policy
you had to add it yourself as a
rider in the old Health Advantage, the last difference is bariatric
surgery, earlier there
was a sub-limit on bariatric surgery, you could not use it above 10 lakhs,
now there is no sub-limit,
you can use up to the sum assured for
bariatric surgery, so this is about the
differences, now I am
also sharing with you the premium
in the premium of both the plans  What is the difference and
accordingly you can decide whether the
Health Advantage Apix plan is for you
or not and as per your choice you
can choose which riders you want,
accordingly you can calculate the premium,
if you feel that you need these features
in the policy and do your due
diligence and buy the policy accordingly
so this was from my side about ICI Lombard
Health Advantage Apix Plan 2024, if you have any
questions, please share in the comment
section, if you want to reach out or buy the policy,
you can reach out to our team
through the given
whatsapp2 take care bye